Joan Kandel: Hi, you're Brittany.
Joan Kandel: Yes. Hi Brittany.
Brittney Carr: Hi.
Joan Kandel: Good to meet you.
Joan Kandel: May see
Joan Kandel: The dogs barking. Sorry.
Brittney Carr: I'm sorry.
Joan Kandel: Just one sec. I got it.
Joan Kandel: All right, my dog.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So welcome to bright heart health.
Brittney Carr: Thank you.
Joan Kandel: How did you find us.
Brittney Carr: From a friend.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Good. Great. Well, I'm glad you're here.
Joan Kandel: Thank you. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, good. So, um,
Joan Kandel: Let's just go ahead and start. And why don't you tell me
Joan Kandel: Tell me your story what what's going on and why are you interested in
Joan Kandel: Suboxone treatment.
Brittney Carr: Okay, so
Brittney Carr: I had I been a heroin addict for about 10 years now.
Joan Kandel: Hang on one sec, Britney.
Joan Kandel: Can you hang on one sec. Sure.
Joan Kandel: I mean the right, Daniel. Yeah, yeah. I saw you last time over here. So, yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Wrong spot, sorry. I apologize.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that's okay. Take care yourself.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Sorry, Brittany,
Joan Kandel: Well,
Joan Kandel: I have
Joan Kandel: I have removed him from the room, but his picture remains, but I think he's not there.
Joan Kandel: So I think we can
Joan Kandel: Go ahead. So I'm sorry to interrupt. So tell me about heroin.
Brittney Carr: Um, so I been a heroin addict for years now and
Brittney Carr: How many 10
Brittney Carr: Okay, yeah, and
Brittney Carr: And so I have five kids five kids. Whoa. I have four kids, and I only have custody of one of them right now. Okay.
Brittney Carr: I my oldest is what his dad and the other two are in foster care.
Brittney Carr: Okay, one of them. I had given up for adoption and other one I am actually trying to get her back to see it.
Brittney Carr: But they made her they made it like we difficult for me.
Brittney Carr: I actually in order to get her back. I actually went to rehab. When I found out I was pregnant with my youngest son.
Brittney Carr: I went to rehab. I stayed there for eight months. Um, I did really good. I stayed clean for a year after that out of rehab and I was on Suboxone the whole time.
Okay.
Brittney Carr: I was on 24 milligrams a day and don't seem to work for me also.
Brittney Carr: The thing is, I, I got really overwhelmed because I was working a nine to five job every day and see why he had me jumping through all these hoops, which I was already halfway through the treatment plan, but the foster parents filed a motion to intervene, which
Brittney Carr: They were doing things illegally like hiring private investigators
Brittney Carr: Just not supporting the transition plan at all like they went on Mother's Day. They're supposed to bring her to see me and see if he specifically told her told them to
Brittney Carr: And after they had missed two scheduled visits in a row on purpose because they said they had stuff to do, which had nothing to do with my daughter. I don't know why they had to bring her along but anyways on Mother's Day like
Brittney Carr: I just I gave, I don't know, I just got so excited because God told them to like bring her to see me and they told her, and know that they need to talk to her supervisor, because
Brittney Carr: Yeah, it's just in any way she was supposed to be at my house, half the time by then we were three months into the actual transition plan.
Brittney Carr: For her going back home and she is. I was barely seeing her three hours a week that we're supposed to be that we're supposed to be scheduled visit
Brittney Carr: But they weren't even bringing her those three hours a week, so they were fighting every way on it. Like they wanted my daughter and she kept writing me letters like saying if I don't want my daughter, I could just give them. I could just give her up and
Brittney Carr: Like nobody would hate me for it. Just like all kinds of stuff like these foster parents like I've done nothing to fight me the whole time. And they're not supposed to be not their boss, your parents for a reason.
Brittney Carr: And so anyways I'm looking to I'm trying to get back into it I relapsed actually and in June.
Brittney Carr: Okay 19
Brittney Carr: Okay, so I really, I just want to get back on my feet. I know I have an 18 month old that
Brittney Carr: I have to take care of. And it's just getting too hard. Again, I don't want to go that far. Again, you know, I don't want it to go where it needs to be. I don't want to get me. I don't want to lose my son.
Brittney Carr: And I went to $68,000 in a matter of three months.
Brittney Carr: Wow from June hill to like the end of September was done at the money and just
Brittney Carr: I, I just can't do anything. I need to get
Brittney Carr: This so
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yes.
Brittney Carr: A little bit of background noise.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, thank you for that. I appreciate that. So after you. So you were on Suboxone for sounds like about a year and eight months.
Joan Kandel: Eight months while you were in rehab and then a year afterwards.
Joan Kandel: Correct. And why did you get off the Suboxone
Brittney Carr: Because I relapsed I just gave up. I got so stressed out with all the things that my not only my housing people had me doing but my Co. I feel like I lost my job because they wouldn't compromise the
Brittney Carr: After a year and a half of jumping through the hoops, they were making me do this class like three times a week. And it was just like ridiculous already and why I lost my job because of it.
Joan Kandel: And yeah.
Brittney Carr: I got so overwhelmed up to that because I couldn't be from my apartment, just everything about that. And I just ended up relapsing I just said, You know what, screw it, like, I'm not getting it back. Anyways, foster parents won't even comply and they're not doing anything about it. So like
Brittney Carr: Yeah. And now I guess in New Mexico. They're investigating see why ID for doing things elite doing illegal. Like, I guess, illegal and transactions with other with foster parents
Brittney Carr: Something like that.
Brittney Carr: Well, I guess I wanted to talk to the keys and see
Brittney Carr: That's why I just got overwhelmed and I just didn't see anything happening anytime soon.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Brittney Carr: Yeah.
Brittney Carr: Okay, I don't want this labor myself and my son.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yeah, good.
Joan Kandel: I hear a lot of frustration in your voice.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, sounds like you've been through a lot
Joan Kandel: Sorry about that.
Brittney Carr: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Well, this is good, then this is gonna, this is going to really help to get you back back to where you, you want to be.
Joan Kandel: And so tell me about what you how much you've been using and what you've been using lately.
Brittney Carr: I goes through I smoke I smoke it.
Brittney Carr: I feel like that's what my whole day consists of I go through like
Brittney Carr: Three or four grams a day like
Brittney Carr: Wow. Yeah. It's, it's like I'm
Brittney Carr: Tired of it.
Brittney Carr: Ya know, I send that in. It's just I don't, I'm not going to resort to shooting up because I told myself I would never do that. And I have in my 10 years of doing. I've never ever bring domain.
Joan Kandel: For hmm
Brittney Carr: Which
Brittney Carr: Like in the end results in me doing it all day like smoking all day just to fill out for. But yeah, I mean,
Brittney Carr: Yeah, it's not worth it.
Joan Kandel: Right. Right. Okay.
Joan Kandel: And when did you last us
Brittney Carr: To this, it was last night.
Joan Kandel: Last night about what time
Brittney Carr: Probably about
Joan Kandel: Eight 8pm 8pm okay
Joan Kandel: And how much did you use an ATM.
Brittney Carr: My smoked.
Brittney Carr: A gram before I went to sleep.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: So, um,
Joan Kandel: How are you feeling right now.
Brittney Carr: Like crap.
Joan Kandel: I'm are you
Brittney Carr: Bodies like really sore I like really, really simple to sweat and so
Brittney Carr: Some days, some days you don't feel as bad when I wake up, but then there's other days that are like just horrible. I can't even like get a better have to like
Brittney Carr: run to the bathroom right away or, you know, today I feel I don't feel like
Brittney Carr: Like the worst sick every but I do feel pretty safe.
Joan Kandel: And so tell me about the symptoms that you're having right now. The withdrawal symptoms that you're having
Brittney Carr: We're having now is just my legs are sore just ideas.
Brittney Carr: On it and I'm
Brittney Carr: Like a little I'm a little bit cold like cold sweats, I guess, monkey or whatever you call it.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: How's your belly.
Brittney Carr: Belly is actually feels like I have a big old gas bubble in there.
Brittney Carr: But it's been like that for a couple days now. Not sure why.
Joan Kandel: Okay, um, any diarrhea.
or nausea.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, I got a diary every morning, not
Brittney Carr: Not yet, right now.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and you had diarrhea today.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, okay.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So, usually on a typical day if you were gonna have used today. What time would you have used
Brittney Carr: If I had something you'd be right when I wake up.
Joan Kandel: When do you usually wake up.
Brittney Carr: I'm usually I don't wake up to like 11 but
A
Joan Kandel: Few sleep you sleep through
Brittney Carr: I tried to sleep. I sleep as long as I can because I don't like waking up like that, but
Brittney Carr: Usually I'm sick wakes me up eventually. Because the more you sleep disagree get
Joan Kandel: The
Brittney Carr: Right, hands on how long I sleeping as Jessica. Get ready. I really didn't get too much sleep last night, but yes.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And when was the last time you took Suboxone
Brittney Carr: Last image is
Brittney Carr: I didn't train and bail off the streets, a little bit here and there.
Brittney Carr: It's pretty like three days ago I took a couple strips that
Brittney Carr: It took one in the morning, one at night.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, like three days ago, I think it is.
Brittney Carr: Uh huh. And is that because you couldn't you couldn't find any heroin.
Joan Kandel: Yeah haha
And
Joan Kandel: Go ahead.
Brittney Carr: It's because I did, yes, because I didn't have anything
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And and how sick were you when you took that Suboxone
Brittney Carr: Um, I usually at least make sure I sleep for six hours before I take it.
Joan Kandel: OK.
Brittney Carr: To use it and I usually do pretty good like that.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Okay.
Brittney Carr: I know it was like 12 to 20
Brittney Carr: I only you're supposed to wait like 12 to 20 hours but um I
Brittney Carr: I just, I always been good at like six hours is always been like an okay please for me to do it.
Brittney Carr: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And do you do you base it on the hours or do you base it on how you feel.
Brittney Carr: I base it on pretty much both like I at least make sure I'm six hours. But if I'm still like feeling okay then I will
Brittney Carr: Okay, but yeah. But if, like, I pretty much know because I i did Suboxone for a long time, like how sick I they put me on Xbox in like three or four times in the hospital.
Joan Kandel: So,
Brittney Carr: I'll be exactly like how I'm supposed to feel
Brittney Carr: Right. Okay, so I know and I'm at that. Okay. Yeah. Now it's
Joan Kandel: Great. Okay, good. Yeah, I just want to make sure that you that you know that because I'll be prescribing it for you today. And I want you to take it when you're sick enough
Joan Kandel: Yeah, sounds like that won't be too long because you're already well on your way.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, I'm
Gonna
Joan Kandel: Yeah, right.
Joan Kandel: Um, when you do take the you haven't been using any fentanyl have you
Joan Kandel: Oh no. Okay, good. Do you test your heroin for fentanyl or no.
Brittney Carr: No, but I can taste it in it like
Brittney Carr: Oh yeah, I'm pretty. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: So you have had it before.
Joan Kandel: I've had it has a different taste.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, it has a different way different. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: So a
Joan Kandel: Week. When you do when I'm going to prescribe the strips for you.
Joan Kandel: And when you do take your first dose.
Joan Kandel: Start with the cutting it in half and just take half of the strips.
Brittney Carr: Start
Joan Kandel: Just to make sure it doesn't put you into worst withdrawals because
Joan Kandel: If it, if it, if it was going to put you in worth worst withdrawal. You want to take as little as possible so that it's not as bad.
Joan Kandel: So if you took a whole strip and it was going to throw you into that withdrawal, it would be worse than taking just half a strip. So
Joan Kandel: So start with just taking half a strip and if you feel if you don't feel sicker. That's good. If it helps with your, with your symptoms and you feel just fine. Then don't take another one until you know when it starts to wear off.
Joan Kandel: But if you just kind of feel
Joan Kandel: Just the same amount of crappy or maybe just slightly better than you can take the other half of the strip
Joan Kandel: Come, so, um,
Joan Kandel: Yeah, we'll talk about we'll talk about dosing in a little bit kind of more towards the end of this, but we'll, we'll get you feeling stable and
Joan Kandel: This is going to really help.
Brittney Carr: Thank you.
Joan Kandel: Absolutely, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Are you are you working
Brittney Carr: I'm not currently seeing like I really need to get back on my feet.
Brittney Carr: I was working. I was actually working for the New Mexico department house.
Brittney Carr: Okay. And that was back when I was in last March, I started. Well, I started actually 2018 of November, and I, I stopped working there like
Brittney Carr: March. He doesn't he does a temporary job and then I got a job at a medical spa where I was a receptionist and then that was the job I lost because
Joan Kandel: Yeah, right.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And what's your, what's your housing situation.
Brittney Carr: I'm looking for a place. I'm on housing.
Brittney Carr: And the voucher to Albuquerque housing authority.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Brittney Carr: But I just
Brittney Carr: My mind has been elsewhere. And I haven't really been focused on trying to find a place I'm about to lose my doctor, which is another big reason why I can't do this anymore.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah. Okay, so that's kind of a priority for you once you get
Joan Kandel: Once you get stable. Yes. Good.
Joan Kandel: And so
Joan Kandel: Where are you staying now.
Joan Kandel: I think you're just muted you just got muted.
Joan Kandel: There we go. He says,
Joan Kandel: We'll see my mom. Okay. Okay.
All right.
Joan Kandel: And and you've got your you've got your
Joan Kandel: Your son with you.
Joan Kandel: Yes, yeah.
Brittney Carr: I keep them at my mom's but yeah he's
Brittney Carr: Got 90% of the time, so
Joan Kandel: Okay.
I just
Brittney Carr: I have a picture as well too. So that's a good thing that he's a big help. So
Joan Kandel: Good. Does he use no
Joan Kandel: Good. Great. So he's supportive of you getting clean
Joan Kandel: Also good
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: So, how to get along with your mom.
Pretty well.
Brittney Carr: She hasn't always been around. So I feel like she's more of a friend and she is a mother figure
Brittney Carr: Mean I we seem to be getting along pretty well lately.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yeah, take it as it comes. Oh.
Yes.
Joan Kandel: And your dad.
Brittney Carr: My dad, the one that raised me. He is like my biggest supporter, like he
Brittney Carr: I love my dad and he hates when I use and he's just whatever I'm not using he is like the logs, you'll help me out with anything I need to. And we always
Brittney Carr: Had
Brittney Carr: When I'm when I'm sober and I missed that.
Brittney Carr: Yeah. Whenever I'm using he really doesn't he texts me every morning, the same thing, love you. God bless pray every morning at 630 and
Brittney Carr: Other than that, you really don't talk very much
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And is he in Albuquerque, too.
Brittney Carr: Yes, he isn't.
Brittney Carr: He yeah he's the one that raised me and halfway through my life. My mom told me that logical down and
Brittney Carr: Broke my to anyway she introduced me to my biological dad and
Brittney Carr: Him and I actually he used. So when I was using I would be I would hang out with him and but he actually died when I was in rehab.
Joan Kandel: Oh, wow.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, and a motorcycle accident so
Brittney Carr: So,
Brittney Carr: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And does your has your does your mom have a history of substance use.
Brittney Carr: Yes, yes we have it, but she's on publishing now. So she's clean
Joan Kandel: Hahaha. And it wasn't HEROIN FOR HER or alcohol or
Brittney Carr: It was
Joan Kandel: Math. Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: And how about how about you and math.
Joan Kandel: You use math.
Brittney Carr: No, no, I use it once in a while when I'm when I can't like we have enough to like do anything because I like I use it sometimes to even myself out. Like, I don't like to get so messed up that I like.
Brittney Carr: Can walk or talk or anything. And I'm sitting there like somebody like that.
Brittney Carr: So I yeah Sometimes I do use it to like bring my cell phone that hot
Brittney Carr: Uh huh, like it very much. I won't use it without it.
Joan Kandel: I see.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, I guess so, yeah.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And how about alcohol has that ever been a problem for you.
Joan Kandel: Do you like alcohol.
Joan Kandel: And how about nicotine. So, okay.
Brittney Carr: I saw
You just
Joan Kandel: About how much do you smoke.
Brittney Carr: A pack.
Joan Kandel: And is that something that you've ever successfully quit.
Brittney Carr: Only when I was incarcerated and that's
Brittney Carr: When I was pregnant with my oldest son.
Joan Kandel: Well, you did. Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Not with your youngest son.
Brittney Carr: Know,
Joan Kandel: You're still smoke, and do you do you think about quitting smoking these days.
Brittney Carr: I do, but I feel like it will take one take one thing at a time.
Joan Kandel: Sure, yeah.
Brittney Carr: Yes, overwhelming.
Joan Kandel: Sure. Yeah. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, down the road, though. I think that would be really good when you're feeling, you know, stable. That would be really unimportant thing to do because it's so nasty. It's horrible.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Do you have any
Joan Kandel: Other past medical problems like besides addiction.
Joan Kandel: The medical problems.
Brittney Carr: See, I'm not. I don't know. I know that I recently. I had a whole life.
Brittney Carr: Like when I was actually pregnant with my daughter.
Brittney Carr: And years ago, I had to Calais, and I don't know what it was, but I think in one day and I hit my head on the toilet and I got like 14 stitches. I got four stitches on inside and outside
Joan Kandel: No, he
Brittney Carr: Was really deep and I like
Brittney Carr: I don't know what causes it. Like I fainted. A few times in my life and I, when I went to school to get my stitches like nothing more than nothing stitched me and send me on the way they didn't even check into why fainted.
Brittney Carr: So I'm having like random swelling in my left arm and I'm not sure why but
Brittney Carr: My, my boyfriend is actually registered years and he was telling me that, like, just say is like observing me and stuff that team, it looks like our problems.
Brittney Carr: So our kidney
Brittney Carr: So I'm not really sure. I need to go get that checked out. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Do you have a doctor. But you see,
Brittney Carr: Not now. No, I
Joan Kandel: add that to the list of things to do. Right.
Joan Kandel: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Do you take any medications.
Joan Kandel: Are you allergic to anything.
Brittney Carr: No.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And how many times total. Have you been pregnant.
Brittney Carr: For
Joan Kandel: For okay
Joan Kandel: Have you had any surgeries.
Joan Kandel: At all.
Brittney Carr: No, not really. They just did a biopsy of my cervix recently, but that was a on it.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: For an abnormal Pap
Joan Kandel: Yes, yeah.
Brittney Carr: And what did they say about that.
Brittney Carr: They said, well, pretty much that I didn't have cancer.
Joan Kandel: Oh, good.
Joan Kandel: And they'll just follow it with
Joan Kandel: With pap smears.
Brittney Carr: Okay, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Oh, good. That's good.
Joan Kandel: Do you have any siblings.
Brittney Carr: brothers or sisters. Yes. Um, none of which are full sibling. They guest.
Brittney Carr: Comes
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Brittney Carr: My not my biological dad is not or. Yeah, not the death of me. Um, I have four other I mean for six other half siblings.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Brittney Carr: Yes.
Joan Kandel: Um, and
Joan Kandel: Do any of them have
Joan Kandel: substance use issues.
Brittney Carr: I'm just about all of them do.
Joan Kandel: Everybody. Uh huh.
Brittney Carr: I don't know, my brother that's in foster care.
Brittney Carr: I'm not sure. I think he just I think he just smokes me but
Brittney Carr: Yeah yeah
Brittney Carr: He does anything else.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Otherwise, are they fairly healthy or did they have health problems.
Joan Kandel: You have siblings.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, they're pretty healthy my younger brother has epilepsy.
Okay.
Brittney Carr: My sister was born with an enlarged brain, I guess.
Brittney Carr: Other than that, I'm pretty sure they're pretty healthy
Joan Kandel: And how tall are you, and how much do you weigh
Brittney Carr: I am five four and a half and I way, I'm not really sure. Probably like 100 pounds. I'm underweight.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: You don't happen to know what your blood pressure.
Joan Kandel: Has been the last time you had it checked you
Brittney Carr: Don't remember. But I could probably go check today.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, you know, that would be really great if you could get a blood pressure and a pulse.
Joan Kandel: Somewhere, and then
Joan Kandel: Call the virtual clinic, the number that you call before
Joan Kandel: And let them know that so they could put that in the chart that would be
Joan Kandel: It if you can get a full set of vital signs that would be even better.
Joan Kandel: But if you can only get the blood pressure and pulse. That would be fine, too.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to kind of just read through a list of symptoms.
Joan Kandel: And besides, what you're having right now for withdrawal symptoms.
Joan Kandel: Not me. If any of these
Joan Kandel: Are true for you.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: fatigue, weight change.
Yeah.
Brittney Carr: yeahs
Fatigue.
Brittney Carr: And we, I mean I guess I can't gain weight as a problem like
Brittney Carr: Haha, I don't know if it's really we change.
Joan Kandel: Have you, have you lost recently like since you since you relapse. Have you got thinner.
Brittney Carr: Oh, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Are you always
Brittney Carr: Sleep well
Brittney Carr: Actually when I got out of rehab. I got dinner.
Brittney Carr: I was still
Brittney Carr: I was still clean. I was still sober, but I just got thinner and I don't know why. Maybe it's because I'm so busy with the baby and stuff.
Brittney Carr: When I got out of. Yeah.
OK.
Joan Kandel: Change in vision redness and the eyes pain in the eyes hearing loss pain in the ears ringing in the ears.
Joan Kandel: bloody noses or congestion.
Joan Kandel: Congestion sores in the mouth.
Joan Kandel: Pain in the teeth.
Joan Kandel: pain in the neck.
Joan Kandel: trouble breathing cough wheeze
Brittney Carr: Eating I get like
Brittney Carr: Like once in a while. Like, I see a lot of the time. Like I feel like I have to just stop and take deep breaths. Like, because I feel like I'm forgetting to breathe. I don't know why I'm explaining it but
Brittney Carr: Like I'm like what I'm concentrating like all i don't know if it's because they will my breath or what but I'm I always find myself like
Brittney Carr: Guess me all the time. I don't know why, but
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Brittney Carr: Any catch my breath.
Joan Kandel: Well, one of the things that that heroin does or any opiate is it it
Joan Kandel: It lowers the the drive to breathe. So we call that the respiratory drive. And so it's really common in people who are using opiates that they
Joan Kandel: That they have exactly what you're describing that they feel like, you know, the breathing is just like you have to kind of think about it, it's like
Joan Kandel: You know, you have to like
Joan Kandel: Focus on it, instead of it just being kind of an automatic thing. And that's actually how people OD
Joan Kandel: Is what we call respiratory depression, meaning that that yeah the what the, what the heroin or the other opiates do is they kind of turn off the switch in the brain that that makes us breathe on our own just automatically. And so people who are
Joan Kandel: Who have odd. They don't their brains don't make them breathe and they're like out of it. So they're not thinking about breathing and so they just don't breathe and
Brittney Carr: That's how they die.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it's kind of heavy duty. So you're probably you're probably just being aware of that.
You know,
Joan Kandel: That your body is not telling you to breathe. So you have to remember to breathe. So if you were to get just a little bit too high.
Joan Kandel: You might not remember to breathe and and that would be
Joan Kandel: How people die.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Crazy, huh.
Joan Kandel: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Yep. That's why people OD
Joan Kandel: Okay, so a
Joan Kandel: pain in the chest.
Joan Kandel: Fluttering of the heartbeat.
Joan Kandel: We already talked about the
Joan Kandel: Areas. Yeah.
Brittney Carr: Does that like when
Brittney Carr: I don't know, I always guys asking me about this earlier, but like when you breathe in and like you get like restart pins. It feels like in your heart. Like what is that
Joan Kandel: Yeah. What that can be different things, but oftentimes it's, it can be the the diaphragm is the muscle that kind of goes up and down, and it's right underneath the heart.
Joan Kandel: And it can kind of spasm and give you like a real sharp kind of pain and that hand. The best thing to do for that is to really take slow deep breaths in and out, because then that relaxes that muscle. So that's the most common reason that people get that kind of thing.
Joan Kandel: And and that's
Brittney Carr: The sign of anything or
Joan Kandel: It probably goes along with what we were just talking about that the that the opiates kind of
Brittney Carr: Keeping from
Brittney Carr: I've got this since I was a little girl like I got more when I was a little girl.
Brittney Carr: Uh huh. Yeah.
Interesting.
Brittney Carr: So,
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it's not necessarily a sign of have anything specific. It's kind of a general kind of thing.
Joan Kandel: belly pain, vomiting, we already talked about diarrhea, constipation,
Joan Kandel: pain when you pee blood in the P change in hair or skin easy bruising.
Brittney Carr: Skin, the change in skin like my skin just got really dry.
Brittney Carr: Okay. So I recently had a staph infection that I didn't go to the hospital for it, but I got a cure. And I put some on there and a bandage day and all my baby studies to do wound care.
Brittney Carr: And uh huh hospitals and stuff so
Brittney Carr: I mean, he helped me like dress and stuff and like it seemed like I got away. But since then, my skin just got really dry and like bumpy
Brittney Carr: And okay, itchy and just like it's just like flaky, like the skin. You mean like this really and
Then
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Muscle pain back pain, difficulty walking
Joan Kandel: Headache, Dizziness numbness lack of coordination, dizziness,
Joan Kandel: Yeah happen a lot
Brittney Carr: Yeah happens a lot lately, and then also
Brittney Carr: The numbness, like I have this weird like it only comes and goes. Once in a while. It's like a nerve or something in my back and it's right on my shoulder blade for where it just feels like when I go to scratch or something like it's just right there on my back. I can feel it like
Brittney Carr: Okay, explain like it kind of hurts a little bit
Brittney Carr: Huh, but it's like at the same time, when you go to like touching it like the skins.
Brittney Carr: Like, it's not that my finger doesn't feel it. It's my back doesn't feel me scratching, you know, do you mean, does that mean
Joan Kandel: To do. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Right, yeah. Just a little patch, that's kind of, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Doesn't have sensation.
Brittney Carr: I only like it comes and goes. It's not like it several times.
I see.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: change in mood, depression, anxiety,
Joan Kandel: Insomnia suicidal thoughts.
Brittney Carr: I get depressed and anxiety.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Brittney Carr: PTSD from car accident. I've every time I get a new car I freaked out when somebody else is driving
Joan Kandel: Oh really,
Brittney Carr: Yeah, they get mad at me. But yeah, it really can
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. So you have to be the one driving you don't get PTSD, if you're driving
Joan Kandel: How long ago was that accident.
Brittney Carr: Seven years ago now.
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Alright so next thing I want to do is just to kind of a quick physical exam that can be done over the computer.
Joan Kandel: So, um,
Joan Kandel: So let me just have you bring the camera to your eyes or bring your eyes to the camera and just let me look in your in your eyes so look just right at the camera.
Joan Kandel: And look to your right.
Joan Kandel: And move your eyes to your left.
Joan Kandel: And move your eyes towards the top of your head.
Joan Kandel: And towards your feet.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Good. And let me look in your mouth.
Joan Kandel: Ok and now let me
Joan Kandel: Let me have you show me your teeth.
Brittney Carr: Teeth or
Joan Kandel: Or the bed.
Joan Kandel: Yes.
Joan Kandel: Have you been to a dentist.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, I have been I'm scared and my teeth pulled
Brittney Carr: All at all.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, is that what they recommend and pulling them.
Brittney Carr: All Yeah, pretty much.
Brittney Carr: I have a cavity or something wrong with every single one of my teeth.
Brittney Carr: Uh huh, they're all done like I yeah
Joan Kandel: Yeah, okay.
Joan Kandel: Now let me have you pull the camera back a little bit, let me just watch you take a couple of deep breaths.
Brittney Carr: Like
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that's perfect.
Joan Kandel: Perfect. And now let me have you kind of push on your belly and just let me know if anything perched there.
Joan Kandel: And you push on it.
Goes okay
Brittney Carr: Yes.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And you don't have any swelling in your
Joan Kandel: In your left arm right now.
Joan Kandel: Okay, that just kind of comes and goes.
Brittney Carr: Yeah, just once in a while.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so, so let's talk about
Joan Kandel: Let's talk about the program, a little bit.
Joan Kandel: So what we do is
Joan Kandel: You'll have every week you'll have group meeting, which is kind of group therapy.
Joan Kandel: It's a group therapy session. And it's also the medical check in.
So,
Joan Kandel: So there's a doctor there.
Joan Kandel: Like me and a therapist there.
Joan Kandel: And we do a small part of the hour. It's an hour every week, a small part of the hour is just checking in with everybody about how their medications doing, how they're doing.
Joan Kandel: Medically speaking
Joan Kandel: And and then the rest of the time is more therapeutic it's more for therapy, it's processing and, you know, there's usually a topic that people discussion. Everybody kind of talks with each other. And it's very supportive and it's really
Joan Kandel: It's really a nice a nice thing.
Joan Kandel: So that's every week. And that's when we prescribe the the medications.
Joan Kandel: If you show up to group, then you'll usually get your meds.
Joan Kandel: Or sometimes if you show up to an individual appointment, then that's when you'll get your meds. So, so we don't give long prescriptions. It's usually just till the next appointment.
Joan Kandel: Um, and so, so there are various times that the groups happen so
Joan Kandel: I have a group at
Joan Kandel: Both of my groups are on Tuesdays ones at 430 in the afternoon ones at six in the afternoon six in the evening. There are groups on other days which aren't my groups, but do you have a preference for time.
Joan Kandel: For days.
Brittney Carr: Let's see, seeing maybe the six o'clock. One thing.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And Tuesdays are fine with you.
Brittney Carr: To see ya. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so, so let's put you in, in, in that group, which will be tomorrow.
So,
Joan Kandel: So we'll have you show up tomorrow. So I'm actually just going to get you enough medicine for today and tomorrow and then tomorrow all want to check in with you on your
Joan Kandel: On how you're doing.
Joan Kandel: So, so let's talk a little bit about the, about the man.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: We talked about how take half of the strip. When you first take it later today.
Joan Kandel: And then, and then if you need more than that, then you'll have it to take what I want to do is I want to see how you do. I know that 24 milligrams was a good dose for you before I want to see how you do on 16 milligrams to see if that's enough. Do you know if you've ever
Joan Kandel: Been on 60 milligrams of. How does that feel
Brittney Carr: Um yeah why no one knows taking 60 milligrams. I took one morning one at night and I still still felt like throughout the day, like
Brittney Carr: I was just, I just didn't have I had to take and I just didn't I just want the money when I send you. I won't be able to sleep during the night. I didn't take it. I'm just let me know. It was like I wasn't like really dying stick but
Joan Kandel: Put your stuff.
Brittney Carr: Like that, like days idea and like
Brittney Carr: Just like a little bit of a cold sweats and like
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Okay, so, um,
Joan Kandel: So we'll see how you see how you do on in my experience, most people do do pretty well on either eight or 12 or 16. Some people need to be a little bit higher. Most people do not need to go up to 24 milligrams
Joan Kandel: Some do. So we're kind of
Joan Kandel: What I'd like to shoot for is, is to have you feel
Joan Kandel: You know, fine and functional and normal
Joan Kandel: On the lowest dose possible
Joan Kandel: So if you feel fine and normal and functional on 16 milligrams or 18 milligrams
Joan Kandel: Great, that's where we'll stop rather than just jumping you up to 24 milligrams
Joan Kandel: Because it's
Joan Kandel: It's better to be on the lowest amount that that helps you feel good.
Brittney Carr: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So how does that sound.
Brittney Carr: To try it.
Joan Kandel: Okay, we'll see how we do. And, you know, we'll talk about it tomorrow so
Joan Kandel: So what I'd like for you today to do today is take, you know, start with the four milligrams and then take up to 16 milligrams. If you feel like you need 60 milligrams, which I imagine you probably will.
Joan Kandel: And then tomorrow. Take 16 milligrams and then we'll talk about it tomorrow and see how you feel. See if we hang in there with 16 or go up a little bit or see how you're doing.
Joan Kandel: Okay, okay.
Brittney Carr: All right.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, you bet. The other thing I'm going to prescribe for you, besides the Suboxone is
Joan Kandel: Is Narc can do you, do you know what Narcan is. And do you have an arc and chips.
Joan Kandel: Yes. Yeah, good.
Joan Kandel: Do you have it.
Always means
Joan Kandel: I'm going to prescribe it for you because I think that everybody should carry it around with them.
Joan Kandel: You never know. I carry around with me all the time because you know you're gonna find someone slumped over and you can't wake them up and you squirt that stuff up their nose and then you save their life.
Joan Kandel: So that would be good.
Joan Kandel: So, so I'll get you that. And if you ever have to use it or you misplace it or you can't find it. You can go back to the same pharmacy and they'll have a resource for you.
Joan Kandel: So, so those are the two things I'll be prescribing for you.
Joan Kandel: And and i just prescribed them electronically so I type it in the computer. It gets sent over to your pharmacy. So I'll do that, you know, after we get off the call here.
Joan Kandel: And so they should have it within you know
Joan Kandel: A couple of hours and you can
Joan Kandel: Go in.
And
Joan Kandel: And just be really careful with that first dose.
Joan Kandel: We already talked about that. I don't need you already know that.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: Then the other thing that I want to
Joan Kandel: Tell you about is that
Joan Kandel: They ordered labs for you, they talk to you about that.
Joan Kandel: Where to go
Joan Kandel: Get the labs. Okay, perfect.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, and the lab may be a place where they can get a full set of vital signs. You know, sometimes they'll do vital signs and we asked them to write them down for you and then call the virtual clinic.
Joan Kandel: Those, that would be great. And the virtual clinic is the number that you call this morning. And that's kind of the main number like put it in your phone as a save that number.
Joan Kandel: Because that's the number that you'll call every time you have an appointment either an individual appointment or a group appointment and they will tell you what number to call
Joan Kandel: To get into the room.
Joan Kandel: Like this.
Joan Kandel: So, so every time. That's your that's your point of contact. If you have any questions about the program or you have any like needs like if you're
Joan Kandel: In need of medicine or you
Brittney Carr: Have to
Joan Kandel: Talk to somebody about your when your next appointment is best number to call
Joan Kandel: Anything, and they're there 24 seven. So you're very accessible.
Joan Kandel: The other thing I want to tell you about is the is the urine drug screen. We do that you'll do that at the lab, they'll do the first one at the lab. So they'll collect some
Joan Kandel: Some P from you.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: But then about every month we we test urine drug screen, but you don't have to go to the lab for that you'll do that at your home.
Joan Kandel: Wherever we send that to you and you'll get up, you'll get kind of a bulky manila envelope in the mail.
Joan Kandel: From us
Joan Kandel: And what Don't open that just leave it. Leave it closed and when you get that in the mail call the virtual clinic and say, Hey, I got this envelope. What do I do, and they'll have you open it in front of them on the camera.
Joan Kandel: And because if it's already open.
Joan Kandel: Then they will
Joan Kandel: Say, well you have to go to the lab to
Joan Kandel: So much easier if you just do it at home.
Brittney Carr: And I'll talk you through it.
Joan Kandel: So if you get that envelope. Don't open it. That's the main point just call the virtual clinic.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I think that's it. So so the so the next time you're going to call in is tomorrow call in at about 530 or so, which is about a half an hour before we start.
Joan Kandel: We're going to have you fill out.
Joan Kandel: Every week before group they have you fill out what's called a Bam. A brief addiction monitor and you're just kind of doing a self assessment of how you feel like you've done in the past week, or how you're doing.
Joan Kandel: Currently, so they'll have you do that so
Brittney Carr: It's good to have a little
Joan Kandel: Time before your group starts. So call at about 535 40
Joan Kandel: And and then they'll tell you the number to call for the group and I will see you tomorrow night. So also, they'll also give you a
Joan Kandel: At some point in the next week or so they'll, they'll call you to set up an appointment for an individual therapy session, which will be really helpful too. So you'll have individual and group.
Brittney Carr: Okay. Sounds good.
Joan Kandel: Any questions.
Brittney Carr: No, I think you covered it all.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good. Yeah. Seems like we were pretty thorough today. Thanks for talking to me and being so
Joan Kandel: Open about everything.
Joan Kandel: I'm looking forward to
Joan Kandel: To seeing you doing
Joan Kandel: Doing well and and getting getting your life back together. I'm really glad you're here.
Brittney Carr: Thank you.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah. Good. Okay, so, um,
Joan Kandel: So, uh, we'll sign off and I will see you tomorrow night.
Brittney Carr: Alright, sounds good. Thank you so much.
Joan Kandel: You're welcome.
Joan Kandel: Bye bye.